Link updates (#6)
ottrproject/OTTR_Template: docs/02-chapter_of_course.md

For this chapter, we'll need the following packages attached:

> *Remember to add [any additional packages you need to your course's own docker image](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Using-Docker#starting-a-new-docker-image).

Author: ```suggestion
*Remember to add [any additional packages you need to your course's own docker image](https://ottrproject.org/customize-docker.html).
```
